Standardize PostgreSQL components' name (#3430)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/quickstarts/bindings-quickstart.md

- Trigger your app with events coming in from external systems.
- Interface with external systems.

> In this Quickstart, you will schedule a batch script to run every 10 seconds using an input [Cron](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/cron/) binding. The script processes a JSON file and outputs data to a SQL database using the [PostgreSQL](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/postgresql) Dapr binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this Quickstart, you will schedule a batch script to run every 10 seconds using an input [Cron]({{< ref cron.md >}}) binding. The script processes a JSON file and outputs data to a SQL database using the [PostgreSQL]({{< ref postgresql.md >}}) Dapr binding.
```

def process_batch():
```

> The `batch-sdk` service uses the PostgreSQL output binding defined in the [`binding-postgresql.yaml`]({{< ref "#componentbinding-postgresyaml-component-file" >}}) component to insert the `OrderId`, `Customer`, and `Price` records into the `orders` table. 

Reviewer: we'll need to update this in [the quickstarts repo](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts/tree/master/bindings/components)

Author: It's not a bad idea but it's not super urgent either. "postgres" continues to be available as alias
